Hi! My name is David, and I am going to tell you what I have learned from my
dad every day.

## Tueday, April 30

Sorry about me not making any PRs for the last 8 days. To make up for what I
did, I will write about what I did in the past 8 days. One of the things that I
did was work on my science project. Originally, for my main question, it was:
how is electricity made from other energy? but then my mom told me that I could
not test with that question and I agreed. So I changed my question to: what
windturbine blades make the most energy? Me and my mom made a windturbine and
it worked great! Today I still have to do two more blade sets and test, but
besides that I've been doing good.

Today also at after school, I made a new character named X1Z2 for a game. One
of my friends, Max, also changed his character in that game. We then made a
picture of our characters.

## Monday, April 22

Today when I was playing a game called 2 Touch, and was playing with the 1st
graders, I saw a boy named Ashley that was cheating. He relied on people to
kick the ball to help him. ususally, I would tell him to stop, but I didn't
because when my friends argue, they make trouble. Lots of trouble.

During the game a 5th grader joined. I was  a bit scared because 5th grader are
stronger and he was a soccer player. After a long time, I beat him, but when
beat him i was very sweaty. But I was very happy.

## Sunday, April 21

Today I was working on my science project. When I was typeing, I had trouble
because one of my paragraphs didn't really fit well with my main question. But
then my dad told me about impliclt and expliclt so I understanded.

### GitHub branches and PRs

I learned about branches. I was in a branch called master. Then me and my dad
made a branch called learning-pr.  A branch is used to make pull request which
are also called PRs. PRs are used so that someone else can review and approve.

## Saturday, April 20

Things I did and learned:

- got a github page
- used vim, text editor
- used markdown
- used git to commit and push to github
